it was more militant than it was
religious we had very high morals but
our morals want one based on the fear of
Allah our morals were based on spike
that we wanted to we wanted to stop
drinking because we knew it would make
the the so-called white devil upset we
wanted to quit getting high and using
drugs because I'm sorry his turn white
devil is that something that people came
in their owner there's something which
was taught it was it was taught by my
Elijah Muhammad but it was strategy
again to help us normal as focus on
ourselves because the things that had
happened to the that enig rose in
America which regards of slavery mm-hmm
or things that probably could have only
been done to people if they if the
perpetrators had been devils and so
that's the reason why we were taught
that at that time right and how did you
make the transition from that to his nap
when the last one on the past away in
1975 his son the Honorable WD Muhammad
took office and he immediately began to
put us through a transition and by the
way he accomplished something that never
been it comes before and never will be
accomplished again probably and that is
within a period of about nine months um
deputy Muhammad encouraged over 250,000
people to proclaim this long to take the
Shahada right and within nine months and
so we went straight to that went
straight to the Quran start studying our
deeds started studying Arabic and begin
to teach the Sunnah of Prophet Muhammad
sort of all it is a sudden
very good let me just ask you a question
now as you addressed today do you just
like that every day just about every day
this is my personal style right do you
get any comments from people about how
you dress no it makes people ask me
about Islam okay and when people ask you
about Islam I mean what is that like the
most common questions people ask you
about Islam what do muslims believe or
do we store do we believe in Jesus or do
we pray to Muhammad those have a typical
questions and those are the questions
are very easy to answer those are the
questions that I get so my attire
usually dis attracts question but one of
the things I didn't notice is that my
attire draws a lot of respect from
people that are not Muslim and let me
ask you just from your perspective as an
email with a lot of responsibilities
what do you see as some of the major
issues facing Muslims in America today
one of the major issues instrument is
the Muslims who are who are not studying
clear enough instant hard enough to be
able to respond effectively to the
questions that are coming from the
community as a result of the media to
cheat on Islam and so they are I mean it
can you just elaborate a bit on that
yeah as you know Islam is in the news
just about every day and using us for
something negative there's a terrorist
they claim that he's going in the name
of the smile there are spares arm
suicide bombers that do things in neoga
small and these type of things are
happening though so it's blown out of
proportion and news that every time
someone does something if they found out
this Muslim then they attach the
religion to their Dean and so what it
does it makes us have to work harder to
give the hours and people to make people
understand the beauty of this found the
purity of this month hmm and so what is
it you think the strategy should be for
the Muslim to try to overcome that issue
which is just bursting and Muslim
leaders need to struggle to be upright
number one the uppermost and morals
uppermost in conduct uppermost and
good deeds and uppermost and basic human
decency and high human ethic to do basic
human ethics and if we do that people
will begin to see and associate good
things with Islam so that no matter what
they hear on the news they won't be able
to blame any bad thing on Islam but
they'll be able to put it where it needs
to be and that is focus on just an
individual so do you mean that this is a
new day and time for the Muslims where
everybody has to be active and our and
talking about Islam absolutely all the
Muslims need to be active and our all
the Muslim you need to be very conscious
about how they carry themselves in
public how they speak to people how they
work on their jobs I think it's just
children acting school evening and so
forth our business dealings have to be
Islamic our basic courtesy in public or
when we come in contact with people all
these things have to be reflective of
the summit of prophet muhammad saw a la
la vez 7 and once we do that it would be
easy because the dow is not always given
with words the dhamma is given the best
dollar is given with character with
behavior with Conda you know em con let
me also ask you